.TH _PRINTF 1 "October 2019" "Holberton School" "Linux Programmers Manual"
.SH NAME
.NM _printf - format and print data with number of characters printed as return
.SH SYNOPSIS
.NM _printf is a function with one mandatory argument FORMAT and additional
arguments that may be many or none.requires the header "holberton.h". #include
holberton.h Its prototype goes as follows: int _printf(const char *format, ...);
.SH DESCRIPTION
The function _printf writes output to stdout, it uses an internal buffer of 2048 bytes.
Return:

.SH Return Value
after an execution this function returns the number of characters
printed (excluding the null byte used to finalize the output to the strings)
.SH The conversion specifier
For this version _printf is capable to identify different format specificators,
A character that speciies the type of conversion to be applied. the conversion
specifiers and their meaning are:

.SH %
the % character is used to identify the type of format to use in the output.
the function detects "%" and evaluates the character that is next.
if you cannot find the character in the specified format types
should be print the character % as part of the string.

.SH c
The int argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the resulting character is printed.
.SH s
Character are written up to (but not including)
a termination null byte (' '); must contain a termination null byte.
.SH d, i
The argument int is converted to a signed decimal notation.
.SH o,u, x, X
The argument is converted to unsigned octal ( o ),unsigned decimal ( u ), or
unsigned hexamedical ( x and X )notation. The letters abcdef are used for x conversion
and the letters ABCDEF are used for X conversion.
.SH R
The argument received is expected to be a pointer type char* to an array of characters. 
Characters from this array are encoded to ROT13 and printed in order up to.
.SH r
reverse a string.
.SH b
The argument is converted to an unsignedint value and
then operated to get its binary representation (base 2).

.SH p
print a addres of a pointer
.SH AUTHORS

.NM
Campo Pinillos - https://github.com/campopinillos
Julian Naranjo - https://github.com/JDorangetree